Add Daemonset deployment model idea (#2)
prometheus-operator/community: mentoring/gsoc/2024/project_ideas.md

---

## Ideas

### Prometheus Agent - Daemoset deployment model

> - Description: The `PrometheusAgent` CRD was recently implemented as an Alpha CRD. One of the pre-requisites to graduate the agent to Beta/Stable is implementing new deployment models. One of the deployment models that we look forward to implement is the Daemonset approach, where a small agent is deployed in every node of a Kubernetes cluster. This project will touch several parts of software engineering, such as requirements research, writing up design documents, building consensus in the community and implementing the approved proposal.

Reviewer: https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/issues/5495

> - Description: The `PrometheusAgent` CRD was recently implemented as an Alpha CRD. One of the pre-requisites to graduate the agent to Beta/Stable is implementing new deployment models. One of the deployment models that we look forward to implement is the Daemonset approach, where a small agent is deployed in every node of a Kubernetes cluster. This project will touch several parts of software engineering, such as requirements research, writing up design documents, building consensus in the community and implementing the approved proposal.

Author: Whoops, completely forgot to add that 😅 thanks for noticing

---

## Ideas

### Prometheus Agent - Daemoset deployment model

> - Description: The `PrometheusAgent` CRD was recently implemented as an Alpha CRD. One of the pre-requisites to graduate the agent to Beta/Stable is implementing new deployment models. One of the deployment models that we look forward to implement is the Daemonset approach, where a small agent is deployed in every node of a Kubernetes cluster. This project will touch several parts of software engineering, such as requirements research, writing up design documents, building consensus in the community and implementing the approved proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: The `PrometheusAgent` Custom Resource Definition (CRD) was recently implemented as an Alpha CRD. Before graduating the CRD to Beta/Stable, we want to implement additional deployment models. One of the deployment models that we look forward to implement is the Daemonset approach, where a small agent is deployed in every node of a Kubernetes cluster. This project will touch several parts of software engineering, such as requirements research, writing up design documents, building consensus in the community and implementing the approved proposal.
```
